hello this is ric KY the android guy hey
guys today i'm bringing another
accessory in this accessory as you can
see in giant letters is for the Galaxy
Tab a book cover so we're going to be
opening this up and seeing just how this
book cover fits on the Galaxy Tab A so
pop this open and you can see you have
three different viewing angles that
you're supposed to have viewing touching
and typing so we will see how these work
out oh and there we have it and there we
go
so looks like we just pop it open like
this this is magnetically sealed
and have a little cushion in there and
again just the different viewing angles
alright so you might want
we're wondering how do you put this on
well it all has to do with these buttons
so these buttons fit on the Galaxy Tab A
right there a lot of people think these
are function buttons but actually
they're just for the Samsung cases so
kind of click it down on the case and
you clear that click and on there you
click it right there and you click it in
now once clicked in you have your case
very simple and easy on slicing it's a
little bit difficult to put it on though
I would have to say it's not the easiest
thing to do but once you have it now you
can have your different viewing angles
which let's see how they worked so we
had our typing 1 which is like this we
had the viewing one which I believe was
like this and then we have
the other one which not sure which
combination that was but yeah it's kind
of interesting how you figure all these
kind of view angles out but you can play
around with it and really feel out which
ones you like I pretty much would just
use the jingle like this where you have
your full rotation around and that just
seems to make the most sense for me but
let me know what you guys think in the
comments below you like this case do you
think it looks nice overall tell me
which thing in the comment section down
below about the Galaxy Tab a book cover
you